Add osu!idol 2020 auditions announcement (#4090)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-09-01-osu-idol-2020-auditions-now-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!idol 2020 Auditions Now Open!"
date: 2020-09-01 17:00:00 +0000
---

> Remember that time where people were singing and our ears were ringing with joy? It's happening again. If you are interested in singing and competing to becoming osu!'s the next idol you should grab a mic and join us on our singing adventure!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that time when people were singing and our ears were ringing with joy? It's happening once again! If you are interested in singing and competing to become the osu!'s next idol, you should grab a mic and join us on our singing adventure!
```

Author: That sounds much better.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-09-01-osu-idol-2020-auditions-now-open/2020.jpg)

> osu!idol is the community driven singing contest where contestants participate as a solo or duet, in multiple stages consisting of various genres, showcasing their vocal skills to our panel of judges. They will evaluate their performances and determine who makes it through the stages, eventually ending up in the finals. Voting for the winner will be conducted by you, the community, to decide who will be the next osu!idol!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu!idol is the community driven singing contest where contestants participate as a solo or duet, in multiple stages consisting of various genres, showcasing their vocal skills to our panel of judges. The judges will evaluate their performances and determine who makes it through the stages, eventually ending up in the finals. Voting for the winner will be conducted by you, the community, to decide who will be the next osu!idol!
```

Author: Using "the judges" right after saying "judges" sounds too rapidly repetitive

Reviewer 2: "**They** will evaluate **their** performances..." sounds a bit odd to me, plus *they* pronoun here can refer to *the contestants* given the previous sentence. As TPGPL suggested, *The judges* would be the safest and the least ambiguous phrasing here, from what I see.

Author: Fair point, though that still doesnt sound well to me. Perhaps this part needs to be worded better altogether.

_"osu!idol is the community driven singing contest where contestants showcase their vocal skills as a solo or duet, in multiple stages consisting of various genres. Our panel of judges will evaluate their performances and determine who makes it through the stages, eventually ending up in the finals. Voting for the winner will be conducted by you, the community, to decide who will be the next osu!idol!_

Reviewer: yeah i think that `They` in this context refers more to contestants than judges, so the sentence might be misleading for readers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu!idol is the community driven singing contest where contestants participate as a solo or duet, in multiple stages consisting of various genres, showcasing their vocal skills to our jury. The judges will evaluate their performances and determine who makes it through the stages, eventually ending up in the finals. Voting for the winner will be conducted by you, the community, to decide who will be the next osu!idol!
```
if you dont want to repeat the `judges` word, then this suggestion might be better?

Author: Read my suggestion in italic above @TPGPL

Reviewer: looks fine

Author: Will apply that then.

### So what do I do?

Simply record a clip around 30 seconds long of your best singing with no background music added. Submissions will be lasting all month long, so give us the best you've got!

### This gig got prizes?

You bet. Once the community voting has concluded, the finalists will be receiving these goodies as followed:

- **1st:** 2020 Winner badge for their osu! profile, a special seperate 2020 Winner role in our discord server, 6 months of osu! supporter and a chance to be a judge in the next idol contest.
- **2nd:** 6 months of osu! supporter and a chance to be a judge in the next idol contest.
- **3rd:** 3 months of osu! supporter and a chance to be a judge in the next idol contest.

### Where do I go?

> Please join our [osu!idol discord server](https://discord.gg/2xfgKaU) hub. There you will can find the requirements, contest rules, submission sheet, FAQ, ask questions, and talk to the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please join our [osu!idol discord server](https://discord.gg/2xfgKaU) hub. There you can find the requirements, contest rules, submission sheet, FAQ, ask questions, and talk to the community!
```

Author: nice typo
